Note Pe Army

Privacy policy

This privacy policy governs your use of the software applications for mobile devices that are 
created by SeaS Apps.

This Policy covers our collection, use and disclosure of your information through the Applications, the Services and the Site. It does not cover any collection, use or disclosure by third parties through any applications, Web sites, products or services that we do not control or own, such as Dropbox, or any third party features or services made available via an Application, the Services or the Site. All trademarks, trade names, and logos of third parties featured on the Applications or the Site belong to their respective owners.

By using our Applications, the Services or the Site, you consent to the privacy practices described in this Policy.

User and Contact Information:

Note Pe Army never receive information of contact detail of user.

What kind of information we collect:

1. Personal Information : We do not collect Personal Information. “Personal Information” is information that identifies you or another person, which may be transmitted or received when you use an Application, the Services and/or the Site. Personal Information includes your geographic location information, names, physical addresses, email addresses, telephone, fax, SSN, information stored within your Device and other information you transmit or receive using an Application, the Service and/ or the Site which identifies you or another person.

2. Non-personal identification : We may collect non-personal identification information about Users whenever they interact with our apps. Non-personal identification information may include the type of your phone and technical information about Users means of connection to our apps, such as the versions of phone model and other similar information.

3. Session and Usage Data : “Session and Usage Data” is information about your use of an Application, the Services and/or the Site and includes, without limitation, connection and service-related data submitted to us through your use of an Application, the Services or the Site. Session and Usage Data includes information relating to the connection request, server communication and data sharing, including network measurements, quality of service, and date, time and location of the bump. We also may aggregate Session and Usage data as described in Aggregate Information below. Please note that Session and Usage Data does not include any Personal Information nor does it include Content you may transmit or share through the use of an Application (such as photos, contacts, calendar appointments, etc.), the Services, or the Site.

4. Log Data : When you interact with us or use an Application, the Services or our Site, our systems may automatically collect your unique User Device number, the IP address, type of browser or operating system you use, and the dates and times of your use (“Log Data”).

5. Aggregate Information : Aggregate Information” is data we collect about a group or category of services or Users from which individual User identities have been removed. In other words, information on how you use the Applications, the Services and the Site may be collected and combined with information about how others use the Applications, the Services and the Site, but no personally identifiable information will be included in the resulting Aggregate Information. Aggregate Information helps us understand trends in our Users’ needs so that we can better consider new features or otherwise tailor the Applications, the Services and the Site

This Application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.

HOW WE USE COLLECTED INFORMATION

1. Personal Information- since we do not collect Personal Information, we will not use your personal information in any way.
2. Non- Personal Information. We may use Non-Personal Information for any purpose as below:
a) To personalize user experience- We may use your Non- Personal Information to understand demographics, customer interest, and other trends among our Users;
b) To help develop our service- We may use Non- Personal Information to provide, maintain, improve and modify the Applications, Services and the Site and develop new services;
c) To further develop our business. We may use Non- Personal Information for promotion and marketing purposes.

HOW YOUR INFORMATION MAY BE DISCLOSED

a. Personal Information. In general, we use Session and Usage Data internally to serve our Users and enable them to take maximum advantage of the Applications, the Services and the Site. We do not store Personal Information and therefore we do not disclose your Personal Information.
b. Non-Personal Information. We may disclose Non-Personal Information to our trusted partners who shall comply with this privacy policy and the relevant privacy laws. We do not combine Non-Personal Information with Personal Information (such as combining your name with your unique User Device number).

THIRD- PARTY SITES

Occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our app, service or website. These third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. This Policy does not address, and we are not responsible for, the privacy practices of Web sites operated by third parties, whether they are linked to or otherwise accessible from an Application, the Services or the Site. The inclusion of a link or accessibility of third party Websites does not imply endorsement of such third party Website by us.

USERS WITH WHOM YOU SHARE YOUR INFORMATION

We cannot control the actions of other Users with whom you share your information. We cannot, and do not, control the information you share with other Users using an Application, the Services or the Site (including via Forums) or how such other Users will use or share such information. We are not responsible for third party circumvention of our security measures.

SECURITY

We are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. We do not collect Personal Information, and we employ administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect your Non-Personal Information from unauthorized access and use. Please be aware that, although we endeavor provide reasonable security for information we process and maintain, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.

CONTACT US

If you have any questions regarding privacy while using the Application, or have questions about our practices, please contact us via email at seasapps@gmail.com.

Last modified: 09/02/2017
